Save it all
Entered my Ten Square Goblins
You guys are dead
Especially you.
Jiang Ziyao
I've been coveting your flesh and blood for a long time
I never knew that someone rescued Ye Wuji from Haorizong
I guessed it was you.
That's why he set up the big chessboard of Baishan
I didn't expect it.
You really came for your little lover
Seniors
Wuji may have a way
Can break through these ten parties and get out of the Golden Gate Formation
Wuji, when is this?
Is there any way to say it quickly?
Master, this method
I need your handlers to open the time for my enemy
10 parties out of the Golden Gate Array
Sacrifice to my sensitivity
Is your method reliable?
It's just dying faster and faster.
When are you still caring about this?
Can you run away without running?
Your Excellency Goddess is right
Is there any other way?
Ah, not bad.
Sima Dang Live Horse One Horse
Wuji, if you have any way, just use it with peace of mind.
I'll stop mother modesty
70 Open the 8th Primitive Treasure